# Abstract

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In the modern world of rapidly growing technologies, e-commerce platforms are no longer just considered alternatives to regular physical stores. For a lot of people, they now represent the main means of purchasing goods, be it everyday groceries or a new car. E-stores provide many benefits both for the customer and the seller, including all-day access, convenience of use and lightning fast purchase process.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Based on the most recent technologies and modern design principles, this paper illustrates the whole process of e-commerce platform development. In great detail, it discusses four basic parts of said process: requirements analysis, design, implementation and testing. Taking into account customer and administrator points of view, system is centered around twelve major functionality blocks, including product catalog, purchase process, private account area, users management, orders management, categories management, products management, specifications management, delivery methods management, payment methods management, pictures management, and lastly, product specials management. The former three functionalities belong to customer operations, they make sure customer is able to quickly find desired product, can finish purchase in two to three steps, can track any order status after payment, and also is able to modify his account personal details. Remaining functionalities are management routines, they mainly provide a convenient way to monitor, add, modify and delete any kind of system details for system administrator.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Besides above mentioned functions, system tries to achieve cross-platform support, mobile responsiveness, high level of security and low level of errors, all of which are essential to a modern e-commerce platform. System frontend framework has Bootstrap library as its core, backend framework is a PHP+MySQL structure built upon Symfony HTTP-foundation component. Additionally, there is Twig templating engine to serve as a bridge between frontend and backend. System testing mechanisms divide into unit testing and integration testing. First uses PHPUnit as its primary testing tool, while second uses DbUnit as well. Final testing suite covers 65% of key code in the application, thus guaranteeing platform stability and also high level of maintenance.
